Move approver-policy install/confiugration from usage to projects (#999)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/projects/README.md

These tools help with security, compliance and control.

> - [Apply Policy to cert-manager Certificates](./approver-policy.md):
>   [approver-policy](https://github.com/cert-manager/policy-approver) is a
>   cert-manager
>   [approver](https://cert-manager.io/docs/concepts/certificaterequest/#approval)
>   that will approve or deny CertificateRequests based on CRD defined policies.

Reviewer: I find it confusing to have the link back to https://github.com/cert-manager/policy-approver here. 
```suggestion
- [approver-policy: ](./approver-policy.md):
  a cert-manager **approver** that will approve or deny CertificateRequests based on CRD defined policies.
```

I suggest having a single link here to the new page on cert-manager.io. And in there we can mention the link to the source code and link to the approver concepts.

> - [Distributing Trust Bundles in Kubernetes](./trust.md): Using the trust
>     operator to distribute trust bundles, like CA certificates, across a
>     Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: Similarly: 

```suggestion
- [trust](./trust.md): an 
    operator to distribute trust bundles, like CA certificates, across a
    Kubernetes cluster.
```

These tools help with security, compliance and control.

> - [approver-policy: ](./approver-policy.md):
>   a cert-manager **approver** that will automatically approve or deny
>   certificate requests based on defined policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [approver-policy](./approver-policy.md):
  a cert-manager **approver** that will automatically approve or deny
  certificate requests based on defined policy.
```
